this
aqui estamos en sakata cos canta y eval
care maestro que hicimos console RL la
entrevista hello hi this is your first
time in the city of psychotic us how do
you feel and whether you think about the
people of the city um the show tonight
was really good and everything la gente
esta muy feliz con la lucha I think I'm
very happy to be here and everything and
to prove that I'm obviously number one
so that's obvious this year you're right
to los perros a mile you are the only
para el mal SI soy la única la única
pedal down mal in all the history of
Paris thermal and I will continue to be
la única para el mal la única diva della
three player and I will be not even
arena one day oh yeah hey you have many
victories in your record what can you
say about you are you have made this
year how about this year this year has
been a very interesting with lots of ups
and downs um but I've had you know the
number one ruta team behind me los pedos
now mal and we will continue to be the
best and continue to leave our mark and
be the most extreme and be the craziest
LA where r lo que yo ok and I mean with
those people behind me and now being
teamed up with cha leather chile verde
trip Leia um I mean there's no way but
up a few days ago Fabia Bochy and said
to go talk about talking about it Bobby
send you a message dreading you but do
you respond to that um I respond with
first I know the Fabio pachi is very
talented I realized that she is part of
the Apache dynasty well listen here
chica this is the new era this is the
era where girls from other countries
come here to Mexico to prove and show
and pretty much wipe you all out and
guess what la guerre loca la paura del
mal la diva de la trip leah is a key and
I'm coming for you so chica beware ok I
don't want to smack you out
embarrass you in your own country
because that's what's gonna happen wow
this that's very strong it thank you so
much for your time and we want to ask
you one last thing okay could you please
send a greeting from other for all the
people of Pharaoh Derulo and rode out
the route all so i thi about gray and
I'm staying what's up and I hope see you
all at all my shows screaming where loca
and proving while apparels ml are the
number one